insights: More backend dev doc updates (#31456)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/background-information/insights/backend.md

Read more about the [history](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/23690) of this format.

## Running Locally

Using [`sg`](../sg), run the `enterprise-codeinsights` to run everything needed for code insights.
```
sg start enterprise-codeinsights
```

Insights can then be [created either via the locally running webapp](../../../code_insights/how-tos/creating_a_custom_dashboard_of_code_insights), or [created via the GraphQL API](../../../api/graphql/managing-code-insights-with-api).

If you've created an insight that needs to generate series data on the backend, be aware of [the time interval](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/-/blob/enterprise/internal/insights/background/historical_enqueuer.go?L122) at which these series will be picked up for backfilling. You may want to restart the service so that the new series will be picked up right away for processing.

### Unit Tests

> The `codeinsights-db` must be running in order for unit tests against the `store` to work correctly, as these interact with the database. You can add the following commandset to your `sg.config.overwrite.yaml` file to easily start the `codeinsights-db`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `codeinsights-db` must be running in order for tests against any of the insight related `stores` to work correctly, as these interact with the database. You can add the following commandset to your `sg.config.overwrite.yaml` file to easily start the `codeinsights-db`:
```

We already have `sg run codeinsights-db` that I _think_ should be the same, do you think we could just reference that instead?

Author: Sure that sounds good! This is just what I've been using; maybe I find it a little easer to type :)
